Improve documentaion for installing Bazel on Windows (#11378)
bazelbuild/bazel: site/docs/install-windows.md

### Step 1: Check your system

> Recommended: 64 bit Windows 10, version 1703 (Creators Update) or newer

Reviewer: How do I check the Windows version?

Author: Instruction added

*   [Install Bazel from Scoop](#using-scoop)
*   [Build Bazel from source](install-compile-source.html)

### Step 4: Set up your environment

> It's a good idea to rename the Bazel binary to `bazel.exe` and add it to your default paths.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To make Bazel easily accessible from command prompts or PowerShell by default, you can rename the Bazel binary to `bazel.exe` and add it to your default paths.
```

```batch
set PATH=%PATH%;<path to the Bazel binary>
```

> You can also change your system `PATH` environment variable to make it permanent.

Reviewer: Can we add a link that explains how to do that?

Author: Done

### Step 5: Done

**You have successfully installed Bazel.**
To check the installation is correct, try to run:
```batch
bazel version
```

> 

Reviewer 2: "Next, you can check out some best practices, troubleshooting tips and tutorials available below." and remove the list?

Author: I moved the best practices section to a windows.md. Here I think it's useful to give a list of links to additional useful infromation.

Best practices: see [Best practices](best-practices) below

Troubleshooting: see [troubleshooting](#troubleshooting) below.

Tutorials: see [Getting Started with Bazel](getting-started.html) >
[Tutorials](getting-started.html#tutorials).

---

## Best practices

### Avoid long path issues

Some tools have the [Maximum Path Length Limitation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/fileio/naming-a-file#maximum-path-length-limitation) on Windows, including the MSVC compiler.
To avoid hitting this issue, you can specify a short output directory for Bazel by the [\-\-output_user_root](command-line-reference.html#flag--output_user_root) flag.
For example, add the following line to your bazelrc file:
```
startup --output_user_root=C:/tmp
```

### Enable symlink support

> Some features require Bazel to create file symlink on Windows, you can allow Bazel to do that by enabling [Developer Mode](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/uwp/get-started/enable-your-device-for-development) on Windows.

Author: The features are enabled by the two flags listed below. I rephrased this to make it more clear. Thanks!

You can then turn on Bazel's symlink support by:

* [\-\-windows_enable_symlinks](command-line-reference.html#flag--windows_enable_symlinks)
* [\-\-enable_runfiles](command-line-reference.html#flag--enable_runfiles)

To make it easier, add the following lines to your bazelrc file:
```
startup --windows_enable_symlinks
build --enable_runfiles
```

**Note that**: Creating symlink on Windows is an expensive operation, `--enable_runfiles` sometimes means creating a large amount of file symlinks. Only enable this feature when you are sure you need it.

> <!-- TODO(pcloudy): Write a doc about runfiles library and add a link to it here -->

Author: Done.
There is already a bug for that, I added it here in comment.
